docs: add docs and example showing how to get the expression data type (#9118)
apache/arrow-datafusion: docs/source/library-user-guide/working-with-exprs.md

I.e. the `add_one` UDF has been inlined into the projection.

## Getting the data type of the expression

> The `arrow::datatypes::DataType` of the expression can be obtained by calling the `get_type` given the schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `arrow::datatypes::DataType` of the expression can be obtained by calling the `get_type` given something that implements `Expr::Schemable`, for example a `DFschema` object:
```
